KMBC
THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF IS IN
KANSAS CITY, SPECIFICALLY HE'S
IN BROOKLYN IN ARTHUR BRYANT'S.
WE JUST GOT WORD HE IS ABOUT
TO LEAVE ARTHUR BRYANT'S.
HALEY HARRISON IS ON THE SCENE
AND SHE SEES HIM.
[CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY KMBC]
LARA, IF YOU CAN SEE TO THE
RIGHT OF OUR SHOT HERE, THE
PRESIDENT IS SOMEWHERE WITHIN
THAT GROUP OF PEOPLE TALKING TO
SOME FOLKS OUT SUED OF THE
RFTRAUNT.
HE JUST LEFT THE RESTAURANT.
THERE HE IS WALKING BEHIND THAT
POLE AND INTO THE CAR.
HE'S IN A BLUE BUTTONED DOWN
SHIRT WITH THE SLEEVES ROLLED
UP.
YOU MIGHT CAN CATCH A GLIMPSE OF
HIM AS HE STEPS INTO HIS
VEHICLE.
THE MOTORCADE IS NOW OFF ON ITS
WAY TO HIS HOTEL.
THIS KANSAS CITY RESTAURANT
ARTHUREBRINETS HAS NEVER BEEN SO
POPULAR AS IT WAS TONIGHT.
DOZENS OF PEOPLE, MAYBE EVEN
HUNDREDS CAME DOWN HERE TO SEE
THE PRESIDENT TO CATCH THAT VERY
GLIMPSE AS WE ALL SAW OF HIM
WALKING OUT TO THE CAR.
WE UNDERSTAND THE PRESIDENT HAD
A HALF SLAB OF RIBS, WATER, BUD
LIGHT, FRIES AND BEANS.
HE WANTED SOME COLESLAW BUT HE
WAS SOLD OUT.
NOT EVEN NONE LEFT OVER FOR THE
PRESIDENT.
THE POOL OF PHOTOGRAPHERS AND
REPORTERS WENT INSIDE BELIEFLY
TO CATCH THE ORDER AND WERE
USHERED BACK OUT OF THE
RESTAURANT.
HE WANTED TO MEET WITH
ONE-ON-ONE WITH THE FOUR
RESIDENTS CHOSEN TO HAVE DINNER
WITH HIM.
A LOT OF OTHER PEOPLE WOULD LIKE
AN OPPORTUNITY TO SHAKE THE
PRESIDENT'S HAND AND TALK TO HIM
AS WELL.
WE ALSO HEARD THAT THERE WAS A
GIRL'S FAST PITCH SOFTBALL TEAM
INSIDE THE RESTAURANT WHEN THE
MOTORCADE ARRIVED.
CAN YOU IMAGINE THE REACTION
FROM THOSE 16-YEAR-OLD GIRLS AS
THE PRESIDENT WALKED IN?
AS YOU CAN SEE NOW, THE
MOTORCADE IS JUST PULLING AWAY
DOWN BROOKLYN AVENUE HERE IN
KANSAS CITY.
THAT SOFTBALL TEAM, WE
UNDERSTAND, ARE THE TITANS.
THEY ARE IF ILLINOIS.
THEY ARE PLAYING IN THE FAST
BILL SOFTBALL WORLD SERIES WHICH
IS IN INDEPENDENCE, MISSOURI
TONIGHT.
THE -- TONIGHT THE PRESIDENT SAT
DOWN WITH THE FOUR RESIDENTS
CHOSEN.
THE OTHER BIG EVENT TOMORROW
HAPPENING AT THE UPTOWN THEATER.
WE WERE IN THE NORTHLAND TONIGHT
AS THE PRESIDENT ARRIVED AT THE
AIRPORT.
WE PULLED OVER TO THE SIDE OF
THE ROAD NEAR 54TH STREET TO
WATCH THE MOTORCADE COME DOWN
THE HIGHWAY.
WE WERE JOINED BY A COUPLE DOZEN
EXCITED KIDS AND OTHER
RESIDENTS.
PEOPLE WHO JUST WANTED THE
OPPORTUNITY TO CATCH A GLIMPSE
OF THE PRESIDENT DRIVING BY.
WE COULD SEE HIM SITTING IN THE
BACK OF THE LIMOUSINE TALKING TO
THE PASSENGERS AS HE ROAD BY.
THE KIDS WERE EXCITED TO GIVE
WAVES AND BIG SMILES TO THE
PRESIDENT AS HE LEFT KANSAS CITY
TONIGHT.
THE PRESIDENT IS LEAVING
ARTHUREBRINETS, HAS LEFT THE
BUILDING AND IS ON HIS WAY TO
THE HOTEL WHERE HE WOULD SPEND